README.md, before:

# angr Management
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)

This is the GUI for angr.
Launch it and analyze some binaries!

Some screenshots:

[![Disassembly](screenshots/disassembly.png)](https://github.com/angr/angr-management/blob/master/screenshots/disassembly.png)
[![Decompilation](screenshots/decompilation.png)](https://github.com/angr/angr-management/blob/master/screenshots/decompilation.png)

## Installation

### Portable, pre-built executable

The easiest way to run angr-management is by grabbing a bundled release here: https://github.com/angr/angr-management/releases

"Onefile" builds can be placed and run from anywhere.
Non-onefile builds must be extracted and then the `angr-management` binary can be run from the extracted directory.

### From PyPI

To install angr-management, use pip:

```
pip install angr-management
```

angr-management can then be run with the command `angr-management`.

### Development Install

See [angr-dev](https://github.com/angr/angr-dev) for how to set up a development environment for the angr suite.
angr-management is included by default and checked out to `angr-management` directory.
If you encounter dependency issues, re-running `setup.sh` or `setup.bat` from angr-dev will ensure all dependencies are installed.

angr-management can then be run with `angr-management` or `python start.py`.

**FLIRT signatures**: For now, please manually clone FLIRT signatures by running `git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/angr/angr-management`, which will clone the `flirt_signatures` submodule.

## Usage

### Shortcuts
- Load a new binary: ```Ctrl+O```
- Load a new Docker Image ```Ctrl+Shift+O```
- Load a Trace File ```Ctrl+Shift+T```
- Save angr database... : ```Ctrl+S```
- Save angr database as... : ```Ctrl+Shift+S```
- Decompile: ```F5```
- Documentation: ```Alt+H```

- Next Tab: ```Ctrl+Tab```
- Previous Tab: ```Ctrl+Shift+Tab```

## Plugins

Plugins may be installed by placing a subdirectory under `plugins`. The directory must contain an `__init__.py` like that in `TestPlugin`:
```
from .test_plugin import TestPlugin
PLUGIN_CLS_NAME = TestPlugin.__name__
```

This also allows you to import a plugin class from another package entirely. The plugin itself should inherit from `BasePlugin`. Callbacks and events are a work in progress, so the API is subject to change. See `TestPlugin` for an example of a multithreaded plugin sample.

## Scripting

Take a look at https://docs.angr.io/extending-angr/angr_management!

Commit message:

Remove unmaintained packaing code, add pyinstaller build instructions to readme (#1007)

README.md, after:

# angr Management
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)

This is the GUI for angr.
Launch it and analyze some binaries!

Some screenshots:

[![Disassembly](screenshots/disassembly.png)](https://github.com/angr/angr-management/blob/master/screenshots/disassembly.png)
[![Decompilation](screenshots/decompilation.png)](https://github.com/angr/angr-management/blob/master/screenshots/decompilation.png)

## Installation

### Portable, pre-built executable

The easiest way to run angr-management is by grabbing a bundled release from the releases page: https://github.com/angr/angr-management/releases

Builds can be extracted and then run from anywhere.
Note that builds are currently unsigned.

### From PyPI

To install angr-management, use pip:

```
pip install angr-management
```

angr-management can then be run with the command `angr-management`.

### Development Install

See [angr-dev](https://github.com/angr/angr-dev) for how to set up a development environment for the angr suite.
angr-management is included by default and checked out to `angr-management` directory.
If you encounter dependency issues, re-running `setup.sh` or `setup.bat` from angr-dev will ensure all dependencies are installed.

angr-management can then be run with `angr-management` or `python start.py`.

**FLIRT signatures**: For now, please manually clone FLIRT signatures by running `git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/angr/angr-management`, which will clone the `flirt_signatures` submodule.

## Usage

### Shortcuts
- Load a new binary: ```Ctrl+O```
- Load a new Docker Image ```Ctrl+Shift+O```
- Load a Trace File ```Ctrl+Shift+T```
- Save angr database... : ```Ctrl+S```
- Save angr database as... : ```Ctrl+Shift+S```
- Decompile: ```F5```
- Documentation: ```Alt+H```

- Next Tab: ```Ctrl+Tab```
- Previous Tab: ```Ctrl+Shift+Tab```

## Plugins

Plugins may be installed by placing a subdirectory under `plugins`. The directory must contain an `__init__.py` like that in `TestPlugin`:
```
from .test_plugin import TestPlugin
PLUGIN_CLS_NAME = TestPlugin.__name__
```

This also allows you to import a plugin class from another package entirely. The plugin itself should inherit from `BasePlugin`. Callbacks and events are a work in progress, so the API is subject to change. See `TestPlugin` for an example of a multithreaded plugin sample.

## Scripting

Take a look at https://docs.angr.io/extending-angr/angr_management!

## Building with PyInstaller
To build a portable executable using PyInstaller, install angr management into a python envrionment with the `pyinstaller` extra.
Do not install anything in editable mode (pip's `-e`), as PyInstaller currently [fails to bundle](https://github.com/pyinstaller/pyinstaller/issues/7524) modules installed with editable mode.
Then, run `pyinstaller angr-management.spec`.

If things go wrong, the best bet is to reference the nightly build pipeline and the [PyInstaller docs](https://pyinstaller.org/en/stable/).
The CI environment that produces nightly builds is at `.github/workflows/nightly-build.yml` and `.github/workflows/nightly-build.sh`.
